good afternoon everyone thanks for
joining us
cooking school today we're doing a pork
fried rice and we'll make sure that we
have all of our ingredients that we need
to do our recipe the term for that is
nice and plop it means everything in its
place so I want to make sure that i have
my pork I have my onions I have some
bell pepper we have some carrot I've got
celery green onion some egg a little
olive oil butter and garlic and then I
have a little low sodium soy sauce ok
I'm going to I've got a preheating nice
walk over here preheating this is a nice
twist diamond walk you can probably get
here it kissy could but you don't have
to use a walk you can use a stir fry
skillet okay or you can use a saute pan
ok now that our walk is nice and hot
we're going to add a little bit of olive
oil roughly 2 tablespoons and a teaspoon
of butter I love the combination of the
butter and oil the butter is going to
give me that flavor and a little
browning on my meat and the olive oils
gonna top that butter from burning oven
okay I've got that incorporated we're
going to add in our slivers of pork
tenderloin and I have roughly ten houses
that we're adding through our past okay
work that guy around and again with stir
frying go to make sure that you have
minimal fat maximum meet so we want to
get this walk nice and hot and you can
hear that sizzle going into pants
just constantly stir that guy and then
around the meetup for you okay when I
start to add my vegetables I want to
kind of make a whale in the center where
i can add my vegetables and my meats and
continue to come and some chopped onion
half a cup or so give it a whirl we're
going to add our carrots I have roughly
a cup of carrots slice on the bias okay
with your that guy world we're going to
add our celery and i want to add the
veggies that will take a little longer
to cook this the firmer veggies so
that's why i went with my carrots and
celery first okay get those guys to
serve
then I've got some diced red bell pepper
will add
fast cooking technique I'll let that
simmer why I go and grab my rice
hey back that fast
so I've got some nice jasmine rice that
we basically baldauf or steamed off
according to the directions on our
packet okay you can use water we use a
little bit chicken stock because we want
to flavor our rice so I use roughly two
cups of jasmine rice and three cups of
chicken stock brought that to a boil let
that a boy al qaeda's cup role for about
two minutes turn it off cover the pan
let it sit for 20 minutes now that my
vegetables are nice and stirred and
started to saute we're going to add some
green onion and some chopped fresh
garlic I have two stalks of green onion
and a tablespoon of our chopped fresh
garlic now for our main flavoring we're
going to get most of the flavor from the
ingredients that's in the pan but for
the rest of my flavor I'm going to add
some low-sodium soy sauce and I have
half a cup we add that right in to this
I'm going to add some of my steamed
white rice and just kind of fluff it
apart
and about two cups of my cook rice
this is coming together very nicely and
as you can see this is not a long
cooking process stir frying and sauteing
are really fast cooking techniques the
important thing is that you want to make
sure that the ingredients that you're
putting in your stir-fry that you cut
those as in similar size as much as you
can so that our cooking time is even I
don't want to have chunks of carrots or
my even my pork too big to where it's
going to take more time for that pork to
cook and my vegetables get too soft all
my rice gets too mushy now that my rice
is starting to fry we're going to add
I've got two eggs lightly beaten i'm
going to add them damn but i have to
swirl these guys in so that they
scramble and give me a little texture on
my rice I don't want it all in one clump
we let that simmer for a second I'll
finish my seasoning with a little
cracked black pepper right on the top
here
give it a nice little toss and we're
ready to play chopsticks aside right in
the center and this recipe here it will
be enough to serve four to six people
thank you for joining us at kisi cook up
chef 21 Simmons